add app channel address flag for run and multi app run template. (#3473)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/local-development/multi-app-dapr-run/multi-app-template.md

## Template properties

The properties for the Multi-App Run template align with the `dapr run` CLI flags, [listed in the CLI reference documentation]({{< ref "dapr-run.md#flags" >}}).

| Properties               | Required | Details | Example |
|--------------------------|:--------:|--------|---------|
| `appDirPath`             | Y        | Path to the your application code | `./webapp/`, `./backend/` |
| `appID`                  | N        | Application's app ID. If not provided, will be derived from `appDirPath` | `webapp`, `backend` |
| `resourcesPath`          | N        | **Deprecated**. Path to your Dapr resources. Can be default value  by convention| `./app/components`, `./webapp/components` |
| `resourcesPaths`         | N        | Comma separated paths to your Dapr resources. Can be default value by convention | `./app/components`, `./webapp/components` |

> | `appChannelAddress`      | N        | Network address where the app listens on. Can be left to default value by convention. | `127.0.0.1` | `localhost` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `appChannelAddress`      | N        | The network address the application listens on. Can be left to the default value by convention. | `127.0.0.1` | `localhost` |
```
